Hi worker.
In the last lecture, we created this method in order to get the products ID.
And the reason for this is whenever a user clicks on any of the products, we then want to take the
user to the user page of that product.
Right.
Okay.
So now the next step problem that need to take is we're going to go to the Fields products.
Or Via.
And now we can use control and be in order to make this white.
Okay.
Now, the next thing we're going to need to do is we're gonna make this clickable in order to make this
clickable.
They're going to wrap all this with a button, right?
Probably where you have it in your life records.
All you just have to do is over here.
You're going to need to highlight and use control and dots.
And since we don't have the type of widget, we want to have a little click on wrap with widget.
And we're going to wrap this with the gesture detector where you can as well wrap this with an equal
button.
Okay, gesture detector.
And as you know, the gesture detector and the inkwell has a property known as on tap.
Okay.
Great.
Now, the next step or the next approach you need to take is to pass this productive table, whereby
this productive table has access to all our product data, such as the product image.
You are well.
You put out the tie to your product prize and so on.
So the next thing you need to do is to pass this product verbal.
So the detail page, then, then that's a positive product variable.
It is fixed in navigation.
So we're never out navigation, which is also, you know, that type of navigating.
We've seen pages.
Okay.
So not to do that, all we just have to do first is to use control and the.
Then we're going to need to go to the detail page.
Okay, and we can use control and B so we are going to create in them root navigation, which I said
is another way of navigating within pages.
Okay.
So if they are going to say static said, become global, accessible, and it's going to be a type of
cause and a type of string and we're going to call this ID, we can also call this name.
Okay.
This is going to be equal to the roots is going to be required to yield.
Just going to call this detail page.
Okay.
And over here, rebels need to have this semicolon.
And.
We can then use contra and S to save that nest if they're going to take is going to go to the main door.
That's why in order to declare this route.
So control B and.
They thought that's my.
So all they.
Within the Matsuri I have first of all, I just all very, very difficult as culture sorry how to try
to convert and use control and to save.
Okay.
Great.
Now we take the matter up.
The material has a property known as roots.
Okay, roots.
And now we can declare that drought we just created.
So this is going to be a detail page in order to assess the name, which we also called.
It's a page I need to say it.
Okay.
It's going to take in contests which is referring to the comrades page we are currently and no function.
And.
Detail page.
Okay, great.
Now you can see with the other close details.
So we just have to do is to go back to the.
Fields.
So a digital trade rights detail page.
And we can't just get rid of all this.
Okay.
For now, we're just going to go with this.
Go with this error for now.
Okay.
What you can see it is no longer.
So we need to get rid of this.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now this culture and society is fine, or we just need to either take over as well.
Okay, now we're going to go back to the fields of products.
Fields products.
Okay.
Is it over here?
Not the fifth screen, but.
Okay.
I think.
Is it a widget?
Okay.
Fields products.
Now Voice Recognition.
Navigator.
Dirt of contest then is going to be dirt.
Push name is asking for the roots name.
The roots name is going to be the detail.
Page.
Got it.
Okay, great.
Now, this basically it's not the nest egg you need to check is to not pass this printouts variable
to the detail page.
Not to simply do that or we just have to do is to hide the true cover.
And I'm going to need to say arguments.
Right.
Argument it is going to be this variable called products.
Then you, Heidi, of the projects.
Okay, great.
Now you can see you're beginning to see the reason for this.
Right.
But hopefully you're going to see this fully in the next lecture.
So first of all, what I'm just going to do is to get rid of this error so I know what I'm going to
be.
Isn't this we can just get rid of this and just add.
Is this one now?
Okay.
Get rid of this as well.
Add this.
Look at your trailer, comma.
Okay.
He has contributed to save or is going to need to restart this.
So it's save those of saved face.
Right.
Okay.
So in investiture, you're fully going to see why we created this little site to get the product to
it.
Okay.
Now, what we simply have done is we have simply passed this product.
We've simply passed this.
Okay.
If it's true that we simply of course, the product to digital page.
Right.
Okay.
You can see currently we don't have any water rights.
Okay so in in this lecture regular display that products.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in in this lecture.